PowerShell Functions Module - closes #174 (#177)
bob-crutchley/notes: topics/powershell/modules/functions/README.md

# Functions

<!--TOC_START-->
### Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Powershell Functions](#powershell-functions)
- [Basic Functions](#basic-functions)
- [Advanced Functions](#advanced-functions)
	- [Built-in Parameters](#builtin-parameters)
- [Task](#task)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

Instead of copying and pasting the same code over and over again, we can use a function. We will be learning about functions in Powershell in this module, but the concepts also translates across all programming languages.

## Powershell Functions

When you first start out with Powershell, you aren't always too concerned with things such as modularity, reusibility and "best practices". As time goes on, you will very quickly realise that you are repeating yourself in code, a lot.

> This is where functions become really useful. Copying and pasting isn;t sustainble, so instead we create small "building blocks" that can be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where functions become really useful.
Copying and pasting isn't sustainable, so instead we create small "building blocks" that can be reused.
```

> In Powershell, there are two different types of functions: **Basic** fuctions and **Advanced** functions.

Reviewer: How about including something to suggest what types of functions you should be using in which scenarios?
I know this can get pretty subjective but some advice at least maybe might be useful.

Author: made some changes chap

Author: wasn't sure if the examples were any good...

# Functions

<!--TOC_START-->
### Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Powershell Functions](#powershell-functions)
- [Basic Functions](#basic-functions)
- [Advanced Functions](#advanced-functions)
	- [Built-in Parameters](#builtin-parameters)
- [Task](#task)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

Instead of copying and pasting the same code over and over again, we can use a function. We will be learning about functions in Powershell in this module, but the concepts also translate across all programming languages.

## Powershell Functions

When you first start out with Powershell, you aren't always too concerned with things such as modularity, reusibility and "best practices". As time goes on, you will very quickly realise that you are repeating yourself in code, a lot.

> This is where functions become really useful. Copying and pasting isn't sustainble, so instead we create small "building blocks" that can be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where functions become really useful. Copying and pasting isn't sustainable, so instead we create small "building blocks" that can be reused.
```

Author: changes made - hopefully good now
